Add `HTTP Token authentication` section to guide [skip ci] (#37683)
rails/rails: guides/source/action_controller_overview.md

As seen in the example above, the `authenticate_or_request_with_http_digest` block takes only one argument - the username. And the block returns the password. Returning `false` or `nil` from the `authenticate_or_request_with_http_digest` will cause authentication failure.

### Token authentication

> HTTP token authentication is authenticate using token included in HTTP Request header. As an example, suppose you want to use an authentication token that has been issued in advance to perform authentication and access. Using token authentication with Rails is quite easy and only requires using one method, `authenticate_or_request_with_http_token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP token authentication is a scheme to enable the usage of Bearer tokens in the HTTP `Authorization` header. There are many token formats available and describing them is outside the scope of this document.

As an example, suppose you want to use an authentication token that has been issued in advance to perform authentication and access. Implementing token authentication with Rails is quite easy and only requires using one method, `authenticate_or_request_with_http_token`.
```
